# 2024 Semester 1 CITS3403 Agile Web Development Project 

## Requirements:

For this project you are required to build a request forum application, which allows users to create accounts, post their own requests and answer other people's requests. You may interpret the concept of a "request" very flexibily. For example, the application could:
Allow users to set puzzles ("making a request") that other people can then solve ("answering the request") with leaderboards;
Allow users to set RPG-style (re)quests for an existing game (rewards when accepted/completed are paid out?)
Allow users to submit requests for the best prompts for large language models (LLMs) to achieve a certain goal.
Allow users to sell ("making a request") and buy ("answering the request") NFT-like images automatically generated by the site. Rewards for collecting certain sets of images? No actual cryptocurrency-related functionality required!
Allow users to create a local community board that people can request favours of their neighbours.
Think carefully about the design of the application. It should be:
Engaging, so that it looks good and focuses the user on important elements of the application.
Effective, so it produces value for the user, by providing information, entertainment or community.
Intuitive, so that it is easy for a user to use.
The web application should be styled to be interesting and engaging for a user in the selected context. It should offer several views including:
An "introductory" view, describing the context and purpose of the application, and allowing the user to create an account or log in.
A "find requests" view, allowing the user to search for and accept requests.
A "create requests" view, allowing the user to create requests for other people to answer.
The application should be written using HTML, CSS, Flask, AJAX, JQuery, Bootstrap, SQLite. Any additional technologies or frameworks will require special approval from the unit coordinator.
The creation of the web application should be done in a private GitHub repository that includes a README containing:
a description of the purpose of the application, explaining the its design and use.
a table with with each row containing the i) UWA ID ii) name and iii) Github user name of the group members.
a brief summary of the architecture of the application.
instructions for how to launch the application.
instructions for how to run the tests for the application.
The repository should also include a folder called "deliverables", within the folder should be 3 short screen-capture video or image files. These files should be added as the project progresses and each should:
show off the completion of a suitable intermediate deliverable as per the Agile methodology.
be named the same as a Git tag in the project. That tag should point to the commit where the video/image was made.